remove references to cdp (#592)
grouparoo/www.grouparoo.com: pages/blog/google-sheets-source.mdx

title: "Google Sheets Source"
date: "2020-04-15"
author: "Brian Leonard"

> pullQuote: "Grouparoo has the ability to connect to a Google Sheet to bring data into its data warehouse."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pullQuote: "Grouparoo is the Reverse ETL platform to connect Google Sheets data to your SaaS tools"
```

image: "google-sheets-source/source-data-preview.png"
tags: [connections, engineering]
---

> Grouparoo has the ability to connect to a Google Sheet to bring data into its data warehouse. This enables all of those crazy sheets out there to be the source of truth for your profiles and be fed into your marketing tools. Don't forget: with great power comes great responsibility!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grouparoo is the Reverse ETL platform to connect Google Sheets data to your SaaS tools. This enables all of those crazy sheets out there to be the source of truth for your profiles and be fed into your marketing tools. Don't forget: with great power comes great responsibility!
```
